A man is using a laptop with the text on the screen
being highlighted as it is spoken
"Some people can't see the text on this screen"
"fortunately computers can convert text to speech"
It's technology that many people who are blind
have been relying on for years
A service dog is next to the man
He may be blind
but it's also important for many people with dyslexia
A woman is reading on a tablet and listen with headphones
and very useful for people with difficulty reading text
A man removes his glasses and listens to a news article on his tablet
as well as some people who just like to multitask
A man listens to a magazine article as they do the washing
but for this to work, websites and apps need to be properly coded
The website is not properly working for the woman with headphones
She is frustrated
which has the added benefit of helping search engines
index websites' contents better
The man with the service dog
is using his mobile device outside with bone conducting headphones
different people from earlier are seen using text-to-speech
Web accessibility
Essential for some, useful for all.